Water is vital for life on Earth but in some places water is scarce or unfit to drink.
Humans have made efforts to obtain water that sustains life.
But how do animals survive in these environments?
They manage water wisely.
The Namib Desert is one of the driest places on the planet.
Yet on some days coastal fog drifts in land.
The fog is a source of water for a species of darkening people.
This people extracts water from the air by performing an unusual maneuver called fog basking.
It walks to the top of a dune, faces the wind and seems to stand on its head.
When the beetle is purged at an angle of about 23 degrees,
beads of water collect on its back and trickle down to its mouth.
But is it possible to survive without drinking any water?
The kangaroo rat lives in arid parts of the North American West.
It gets water from the food it eats, seeds, insects and green vegetation.
It conserves the water, it absorbs, it doesn't pant, it doesn't sweat.
Rather than licking its fur, it cleanses itself by bathing in sand.
Its kidneys produce highly concentrated urine, reducing water loss through waste.
By conserving precious water in these ways, the kangaroo rat can survive without taking a single sip of water in its entire lifetime.
In contrast to the kangaroo rat or the darkling beetle, the leatherback sea turtle is surrounded by water, salt water.
The turtle ingests high amounts of salt from seawater directly and from its primary food, jellyfish.
Too much salt in the turtle's body would be poisonous.
How does it eliminate excess salt?
It cries.
These are not emotional tears.
The tears are produced by two large salt glands in its head.
The glands extract salt and expel it through the turtle's tears.
The tears are thick and viscous and can be about twice as salty as the ocean.
These turtles have been estimated to shed about eight litres or two gallons of tears every hour, maintaining a safe level of salt in their bodies.
In nature, animals find, conserve and purify water in remarkable ways.
What do you think?
Did the ability to manage water efficiently evolve or was it designed?